feat(lambda-python-alpha): add without-urls option for poetry (#27442)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-lambda-python-alpha/README.md

});
```

> **Including hashes and excluding URLs**
> 
> You can include hashes and exclude URLs in `poetry` as follows:
> 
> ```ts
> new python.PythonFunction(this, 'function', {
>   entry: '/path/to/poetry-function',
>   runtime: Runtime.PYTHON_3_8,
>   bundling: {
>     poetryIncludeHashes: true,
>     poetryWithoutUrls: true,
>   },
> });
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Including hashes*

You can include hashes in `poetry` using the optional boolean parameter `poetryIncludeHashes`:

```ts
new python.PythonFunction(this, 'function', {
  entry: '/path/to/poetry-function',
  runtime: Runtime.PYTHON_3_8,
  bundling: {
    poetryIncludeHashes: true,
  },
});
```
Clearer by keeping the two options separate.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Excluding URLs*

You can exclude URLs in `poetry` using the optional boolean parameter `poetryWithoutUrls`:

```ts
new python.PythonFunction(this, 'function', {
  entry: '/path/to/poetry-function',
  runtime: Runtime.PYTHON_3_8,
  bundling: {
    poetryWithoutUrls: true,
  },
});
```
```
